Name 3 behaviors that resonate with you. Explain
1 - Use Google very aggressively; This one resonates with me. I try to use Google
for everything. Doesn't matter what you are learning, chances are someone has been
down the same path, encountered the same issues, and probably either solved the issue
or questioned it in a forum, that someone eventually answered. So the internet is a
very valuable tool

2 - Take responsibility for your mistakes; This is a good for your everyday life,
not just learning to code. By taking responsibility for your mistakes, you can
move on to a solution quicker and more efficiently solve the problem. By not taking
responsibility, you only prolong the process.

3 - Go play foosball. That's more important than coding; I believe this also applies
to all of life. Whatever is on your mind, let it be a problem to solve or a relationship
issue, taking time off helps. This gives your brain a kind of break, while your subconscious
takes over the hard work, and almost thinks on its own.

The benefits of a checklist.
Checklists can be very beneficial. They provide an easy way to make sure you do
everything and do it in the right order. Also, after using the checklist a few times
you can start to notice if a particular step wasn't taken, and you can remediate it.

What is your impression of strength-based development?
The benefits of this technique, seem quite apparent. If your'e a leader, and you spend
most of your time trying to put your people into certain roles, that may not fit, then
you are wasting time. If you instead focus solely on their strengths and passions, then
you will be more successful.

What do you feel are your top strengths?
I believe one of my top strengths is to be able to be a good team member. Either as a
leader or as a follower. I have had experience as both, and can see the benefits and
importance of being good at both.

How do you hope to develop your strengths in software development?
I hope that I can build my teamwork skills even more in this career field. I know I will
be working in teams, and I hope to be a valuable asset. First I would like to become a better
team member, by working with others towards a common goal. Second, eventually, if I find
myself in a leadership position, I hope to use my experiences as a team member to become an
efficient leader. 
